(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) Summer has come again this year.
Summer has come again this year.
What is this?
A meeting request?
A meeting?
Are you going to quit, senpai?
I don't like this, boss.
Boss, please call it a vacation request.
You idiot!
You're a grown-up, but you
don't even know how to write kan
ji.
If you're taking a vacation, are you
going to have a meeting?
Don't be silly.
The reason is written in detail inside.
Reason?
I haven't seen fireworks since I was
a kid.
You idiot!
Do you know what you're doing?
Of course, I'm a police officer.
Do you think it's okay for a
police officer to take a vacation to see
fireworks?
Fireworks are held every year.
I want to borrow a cat's
hand as a guard.
I can't help it.
Are you going to take a vacation without
permission?
If you do that, you'll be fired.
I'm just kidding.
The boss is annoying me every day.
It would be great to ride a bike
and see the fireworks.
Damn it!
There's no way to take a good
rest.
Hey, Ryo-san.
Hey.
I was just about to pay you back.
I'll pay you back.
Is it that bad?
If Ryo-san pays me back,
I'll be in trouble.
I'm one step ahead.
There are a lot of big mansions
around here.
Are there more people eating ramen?
You can't even hear the sound of
a charmera in a high-
rise apartment.
You can take a delivery.
I have a cell phone.
I can't.
I'm alone.
I can't get on the elevator while
pulling a stall.
It's too expensive to take a delivery
by helicopter.
And the engine is noisy.
It's easier.
What?
How are you doing?
Kazushika Balloon Club.
Hey, Ryo-san.
You must be nervous.
Yeah, I'm in debt.
Where's the old one?
I put it in the warehouse.
If you don't mind, can you lend
it to me?
I have a friend who is interested in
it.
Yeah, it's great to have more friends.
I don't mind.
Are you going to take a delivery on
this?
You can use the fuel as propane
gas.
Are you going to make ramen in this?
What do you think?
Hey.
He seems to like it.
He says he wants to ride it.
Thank you.
Really?
Let's try it.
It's getting bigger.
Remember the procedure.
What?
What do you mean?
We're going to pilot it.
What?
Aren't you going to ask the beard
ed man?
Do you think he'll be happy to
cooperate with us?
Besides, it's not allowed to fly at
night in Japan.
What if the bearded man finds out
about this plan?
I'm afraid the bearded man will
be angry.
He might bite me.
What?
Ryo-san, hurry up.
Use your hand.
Calm down.
It's flying.
You're a professional.
You're great, Tenami.
The basic movement of the hot air balloon
is adjusted with this burner.
It can rise to a considerable height.
You don't have to fly so high.
You can fly to the height of a
high-rise apartment.
What?
When the hot air balloon rises quickly, you
can blow out the hot air.
Blow out the hot air?
You're enthusiastic.
What can I do?
I have a business to do.
A business?
I wanted to be a professional hot air
balloon pilot.
I wanted to fly in the sky for
my elementary school thesis.
That's what I wrote.
What?
Yes.
You're reliable.
I'll take good care of you.
Thank you.
I'm hungry.
The delivery is over at this time.
It's a hassle to go to the
convenience store.
What's that?
What?
It says pen.
No way.
It also has a phone number.
I'll call to try it.
Yes.
It's Kikyu Ramen.
Is it a delivery?
What?
Can I have two ramen?
Yes.
Two ramen.
Which one?
It's Yamada in room 3011
in A.
It's on the 30th floor.
I'm at your service.
I was able to order it properly.
But how can I deliver it?
It's coming closer.
I'm scared.
It's delicious.
Are you Yamada?
Yes.
I'm here.
You're fast.
It's in Kikyu.
It's a ramen shop.
Thank you.
No problem.
Sorry to keep you waiting.
It's 1,000 yen.
Yes.
It's Kikyu Ramen.
Thank you.
Three ramen.
40235 in B.
All right.
It's in that room.
I got it.
I'll move.
It's coming again.
Yes.
I'll have ramen.
Thank you.
It's 700 yen.
It's five servings of miso
ramen.
Thank you.
I'm busy.
Ryo, there's a police car down
there.
Someone reported it.
What should we do?
Formation for the emergency!
It's Kikyu.
Where are you?
It's dark and I can't see
you at all.
It's called the Dark Night Crow Strategy.
I painted Kikyu black for
this.
You're a bad guy.
If you get caught on the first day
of the opening, your business will go up.
But I didn't think you'd be
so rebellious.
If I make money like this, I'll
have a lot of ideas.
That's good.
But is it okay for you to do
a part-time job?
I'm a police officer.
I have a duty to help the people
in trouble.
If you're hungry at night, it's
the right thing to do to help people.
Suspicious Kikyu is mainly seen
around the high-rise apartment in the
city.
There's a good chance he'll show
up tonight.
Strengthen the night patrol and work on
the discovery.
Okay?
Do you hear me?
But he's not coming out tonight, is
he?
How do you know that?
Well, he's...
It's a police officer's intuition.
Did you have a police officer's intuition?
Then what do you want me to call
you?
A thousand yen per word?
You idiot!
Do you think it's okay for a
pure police officer to gamble?
Chief, how about this?
If Ryo-chan finds a clue
to the suspicious Kikyu, the fireworks
festival will be canceled.
Oh, I see.
That's good.
What do you think, Ryo-ts
u?
Do you have a problem with that?
That's right.
I'm in trouble.
Thank you for your hard work, senpai.
Huh?
It's up there, up there.
Why are you watching the celestial bodies while
you're on duty?
It's not like that.
Then what is it?
Do you see a woman?
Well, take a look.
Which one?
Huh?
Why?
Isn't it a bird?
Huh?
It's so dark, but you can see
it pretty clearly.
It's a starlight scope used by
the US military.
If you look through this, you can find
the black, suspicious Kikyu right away.
Hmm.
It's a bad thing.
Oh, no.
I got a great thing.
Senpai, why don't you find the
Kikyu together and do your best?
I'll leave it to you.
Hey, what are you doing here?
Oh, Ryo-san.
Well, I always make money from Ryo
-san, so I thought I'd give
him a late-night meal.
Idiot.
What are you going to do if you
get suspicious?
Oh, ramen shop?
Oh, Ryo-san.
I'm glad.
I was just hungry.
Oh, it's my first time eating ramen
at a ramen shop, so I'd like
to try it.
It smells delicious.
Huh?
Is the ramen shop like this?
Yeah, he's a member of the N
akagawa Foundation, and he's doing
it as a hobby.
He rarely eats ramen.
I'm not doing it as a hobby.
Come to think of it, the suspicious K
ikyu also sells ramen, right?
Huh?
It's ringing.
Oh, hello.
Yes, hello, Kikyu Ramen.
Oh, no, it's just a ramen shop.
Huh?
Just a ramen shop?
It's a Kikyu ramen shop,
right?
What time do you come around here tonight?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm on leave today.
Oh, yes.
Thank you again.
You're on leave?
Aren't you running a business?
Oh, no.
I was thinking of going home early tonight.
Right, Ryo-san?
Don't ask me.
I don't know anything.
That's right.
Cat air gun.
Three times.
Oh, Ryo-san.
I'll open it.
What's with the luggage?
You can make a lot of money with
just ramen.
According to the needs of the times, the
theory of business is to develop at a
high price.
It's called a flying convenience store!
Everyone, sorry to keep you waiting.
Kikyu ramen has arrived at the
convenience store.
Yes, Kikyu ramen at the convenience
store.
Oh, hello.
Yes, three chashu noodles, please.
I also got rice balls.
Good.
Idol Hell Limited Edition Triple Set, please.
Oh, I wanted this.
Hey, do you want an egg?
Yes.
Oh, you have everything.
I'll have chocolate.
I'll have oolong tea and
yakisoba.
Thank you.
I also have coffee to wake you up.
I'll have kaki-garli
c.
Yes.
Melon, strawberry and condensed milk.
Which would you like?
Oh, thank you.
Oh, by the way, can I have two
or three magazines?
Here you go.
You're in a hurry.
This is a lot of money.
All right, I'll catch up with you.
This is Nanpo.
I just discovered a suspicious place.
Where is it?
OK.
Kei-chan, please get the Star
light Scope ready.
Roger.
Anyway, I made a lot of money.
Hello.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It's already sold out today.
Yes.
Thank you.
Ryo-san, it's a mini
bat.
What?
That's Komachi and Naoko.
All right.
Anti-mini bat formation, let's
go!
Did you turn off the neon?
It's all right.
I can see the light at the moonlight.
Oh, that's it.
It's the Starlight Scope.
How is it?
This is the strategy.
It's a strategy to hide the m
oon.
Really, you work well.
Do you work well?
I can't see the moon.
You can see the smoke.
But I can't see the road.
Damn it.
Where is this?
I can't see it at all.
I'm stuck.
I thought I was going to die.
Bastard.
The balloon seems to be heading this way.
I can't see it at all.
It's okay in the dark, isn't
it?
That telescope.
It should be perfect up to a few
kilometers.
Kei-chan, this lens.
What's wrong?
This is black paint.
Who did this?
Speaking of people who do this.
It's not that easy to get caught.
I'm sorry, Ryo-san.
I helped you until the day of the
board.
I'll be able to pay you back
in a little while.
Where is this guy?
Hey, it's a convenience store ramen.
I'd like to order.
What's this voice?
After all, Ryo-chan.
It's New Year's Day today.
Good night.
Damn it.
Reiko.
Why is this phone number?
There's no doubt.
Because it's always when Ryo-
chan isn't around that a suspicious balloon
comes out.
If this happens.
I heard that the wife inspector saw it.
She's a good woman.
It looks like it's time to open
it.
I'm getting on my nerves.
It's all right.
I have to clean up this mountain of
stock.
Let's make a lot of money at
the end.
If it goes well, you'll be as
popular as the store.
How do you make so much money?
I'm going to use the fireworks festival.
Fireworks festival?
But Ryo-san.
Are you going to rest that day?
My relatives are unhappy.
If you make an excuse, you'll rest.
I have a lot of older relatives.
Chief.
Actually.
I know.
It's about vacation.
No.
I'm listening to the report.
You're looking for a suspicious balloon until
the day of the fire.
I'm impressed with you.
Tomorrow's fireworks festival is a
special vacation.
Please continue your investigation.
Yes.
What?
You don't look very happy.
It's no big deal.
I was really looking forward to the fire
works festival.
I can't believe that wild man.
Hey.
Isn't it a little weird?
Those two have been there for a while.
Don't you move quietly by the window?
No way.
I don't want to get in the
way of business.
Ryo-san.
It's time to decorate the finale.
Yes.
Convenience store ramen.
The last sale.
It's a big sale.
I'll make it look like a fire
work.
Everyone.
Thank you for waiting.
It's a convenience store that I'm
familiar with.
Ramen has arrived.
Drinking beer while looking at the fire
works.
It's the best in Japan.
Fireworks.
Everyone in the high-rise apartment.
Beer.
Snacks.
Oysters.
Everything is convenient.
Let's sell happiness to you.
Yes.
Everyone.
Together.
Come on.
Hey.
Look at this.
Give me shaved ice.
Yes.
I'm back.
I knew it.
I was beaten.
Ryo-san.
At this rate, everything will be sold out.
It's a big sale.
What's wrong?
The fireworks are out of order.
It's out of order.
I can't stop it.
Kei-chan.
What's the situation?
The ship is sinking.
I'm sure.
I knew it.
Stupid.
Fireworks.
I was caught up in the shock of
the fireworks.
It seems to be rolling.
I'm surprised.
Ryo-chan.
Is it over?
No.
There should be 15 bullets left at the
end.
15 bullets?
It's 300 meters in diameter.
If you get caught up in it.
If I get caught up in it?
It's over.
It's a terrible end for a fool.
What?
Hey.
The fireworks are making money.
It's a great service.
Ryo-san.
The money.
I can't help it.
I was able to see the fireworks of
15 bullets.
I'll give it to everyone as a
viewing fee.
I won 5.
5 billion yen at a lottery in a
foreign country.
It's 5.
5 billion yen.
I bought a plastic model for a loan.
I ate an eel and a steak.
I can't use it all.
Next time, let's do a lottery to
get 1,000,000 yen.
Thank you.
Please subscribe to the channel.
Thank you for your viewing.